# TradingView-scriptsThis is a repository of TradingView scripts written in Pine for the TradingView platformInd - ATR Table is a script to show the current price and ATR multiples above and below price to quickly evaluate the sutibility of the stock for a possible swing trade.	I use this in conjuction with the Elder Channel to evaluate wheter a 2x+ risk is possilbe and if so warrants further study for a possible setup.Ind - Elder Price Channel is a script based on Alex Elders concept of a price channel that encompases 2 standard deviations of prices for a stock over a set period of time.	The concept provides guidance on the likely price rance such that you can determine if a given trade is likely to meet your risk to reward ratio and hence a viable trade.Ind - Trade Eval is a script that is used on a potential trade to visualize the price levels for 1x/2x/3x returns based on a the defined risk of the trade.	This is useful to see your expected return overlayed on a chart to asses how that aligns to psychological areas of support and resistance, buying action, etc. It provides a visual way to see what the trade has to deal with to hit your price targets and provide the ability to better asses the viability of the trade.Ind - Value Zone is a script to paint a dot on the chart above the bars that are in the value zone.	Value zone is a concept of Alex Elder that when the price is between the 13 and 26 period EMA, it is the optimal time to purchase the stock in the direction of the current trend. Of course this is just an indicator to highlight an area of interest. It is not a buy signal by itself.